Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption... and why did they do it in the first place!?
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
If Purple People Eaters are real... where do they find purple people to eat?
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
